Added notes on cutting a release to HACKING.md (#714)
canonical/operator: HACKING.md

pytest -v -k RealPebble
```

# Publishing a Release

To make a release of the Operator Framework, do the following:

1. Visit the [releases page on github](https://github.com/canonical/operator/releases).
2. Click "Draft a new release"
3. The "Release Title" is simply the full version number, in the form <major>.<minor>.<patch>
   E.g. 2.3.12
4. Drop notes and a changelog in the description.
5. When you are ready, click "Publish". (If you are not ready, click "Save as Draft".)

> This will build a Python package and publish it to PyPI.
> 
> See .github/workflows.publish.yml for internals. You can troubleshoot errors on the [Actions Tab](https://github.com/canonical/operator/actions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will trigger an automatic build for the Python package and publish it to PyPI (the
API token/secret is already set up in the repository settings).

See [.github/workflows/publish.yml](https://github.com/canonical/operator/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish.yml) for details.
You can troubleshoot errors on the [Actions Tab](https://github.com/canonical/operator/actions).
Don't forget to update the major version number in `publish.yml` if/when that ever changes.
```

Reviewer: You're right.  Feel free to adjust accordingly

Author: Added your suggestions, minus the last line :-)

(You're not the first one to try to change those version numbers in publish.yml, though -- I added a note about that, too.)
